unified-storage: distributor instructions and fix race condition (#105630)
grafana/grafana: pkg/storage/unified/README.md

## Running load tests
Load tests and instructions can be found [here](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-api-tests/tree/main/simulation/src/unified_storage).

> ## Running with a distributor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running with sharding
```

> In this mode, the storage-api server joins a ring which allows us to use a distributor to proxy the requests and assign
> a storage-api server to handle the request based on the tenant. In case you need to test a feature under these
> circumstances, here are the steps to do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this deployment model, the storage-api server establish a consistent hashing ring to distribute tenant requests. The distributor serves as the primary request router, mapping incoming traffic to the appropriate storage-api server based on tenant ID. When testing functionalities reliant on this sharded persistence layer, the following steps are mandatory.
```
